hello the continuation of our story two days
backwards
these kids were left without mom so
it turned out that she went the wrong way
need and smoked dog
5 babies babies left alone
Thanks Natasha
from a classmate with whom told
what should i do
what you need to feed how to caress and
to leave them as far as possible
first time of course they are looking for boobs
want to shut up want to suck and no
Well, I have to stroke suck
to rags the first day we drank from a syringe
but of course could not have wanted
choked up then looked in
on the Internet what to do there is a substitute
cat milk well I find it in time
I could not and that's what we bought bought
Nutrilon for newborns I took
hypoallergenic just in case was
cheaper from 0 to 6 months and we drink
now from such a bottle
The first phrases did not work and now everything
very good
they drink about 10
milliliters right now they want to be
so it is not mystic capricious
so if I put in a box atm
go to sleep so I think we will live here
what else do I eat ? I took the droplets
espumizan a and before feeding I'm single
I take two droplets in this syringe
here are two dice somewhere popova dice
I give everyone to drink this liquid nipples
for us execute busy that was not
I just blow up just in case considering that
they abruptly switched to
artificial feeding in general to us
lucky we were a little older
could understand that’s why
that we will be happy if you love us and
take three girls and two from us
boy who now need a house
in two or three weeks
turn three weeks somewhere they will already be
eat from a bowl
and we will be happy if you like them
to die off and how I like it
so light some kind of not even
little dark ones do not flow from a regular outlet
some kind of sand it is in my opinion a girl
call us email us ask how u
our case we will be pleased